Updated README.md (#355)
LASY-org/lasy: README.md

More specifically, `lasy` offers many ways to define complex laser pulses (e.g. from commonly-known analytical formulas, from experimental measurements, etc.) and offers pre-processing functionalities (e.g. propagation, re-normalization, geometry conversion). The laser field is then exported in a standardized file, that can be read by external simulation codes.

> For an extended tutorial on `lasy` please check out LASY_Tutorial (https://github.com/LASY-org/lasy.git).

Reviewer: Do you mean to link to the [Tutorial](https://lasydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/index.html)?
```suggestion
For an extended tutorial on `lasy` please check out [our tutorial](https://lasydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorials/index.html).
```
